Landing Page:
Search Field: Replace "what are you looking for" with Search Professionals, Specialisations in cities, countries and much more

User Home Page
Opportunity Page to be paginated. To list 5 on each page
Validations, Profile views and Messages should be clickable-(only viewable by Paid Users)
People you may know- What are the connections criteria that populate the page? We agreed that it should be connections of connections and the matching system
Blog section: should be labelled "Blog"
Recommendation Section - Not populated

Connect Page
Send Invite
*New Invites: Kindly test that the Invite, Import from CSV and Import from Gmail are working
Connection Suggestions: 
*Please rename "Suggested Connection" 
Suggested Connection Page.
*Corporate profile of the connection not at the left side as agreed
Connection Button- Think connection should be a deliberate action. So, there should be "connect with "xxx"" Button on the profile of the Suggested connections
Add to Group- Not Working
I think there should be "Connect with xxx" on the Suggested Connection Person Page and that would move the Suggested Connection Person to " My Connection Page" where i can add the person to a group.
Company Page- Not saving
*Validate user page - Kindly create a URL field (Optional) so i can include the website of a Validation basis

Engage Page
*Professional Groups. I could not create a group cos i have no connection. Think if we resolve logic in the connection and Add to Group, we should be able to move on.
* Create Group- Select from 'my connection" and not "Select Member"
* There should be a Web Chat in the group like what we did for Project Meeting Room Chat
* We test opportunities and messages when connection issue is resolved

Project Page
I was able to create a project but could not assign task because i have no group and no member to assign task to.


Generally on Main Menu.
The main menu tab should glow to know which of the main menu i am." Home, Connect, Engage or Projects"